README.md, before:

# ynab-importer-for-uae-banks

A CLI app that can import UAE bank statements into the "You Need A Budget" budgeting app. For the first iteration I only
want to parse account and credit card statements from these banks and export a file that can be imported into YNAB:
- Emirates NBD

## Installation

Download from http://example.com/FIXME.

## Usage

FIXME: explanation

    $ java -jar ynab-importer-for-uae-banks-0.1.0-standalone.jar [args]

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2022 FIXME

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following Secondary
Licenses when the conditions for such availability set forth in the Eclipse
Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version, with the GNU Classpath Exception which is available
at https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.

Commit message:

Updated readme with the reality of it

README.md, after:

# ynab-importer-for-uae-banks

**This readme is not yet written. Look at design.md for (badly written) usage instructions in the meanwhile.**

A CLI app that can import UAE bank statements into the "You Need A Budget" budgeting app. For the first iteration I only
want to parse account and credit card statements from these banks and export a file that can be imported into YNAB:
- Emirates NBD

## Installation

Download from http://example.com/FIXME.

## Usage

FIXME: explanation

    $ java -jar ynab-importer-for-uae-banks-0.1.0-standalone.jar [args]

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2022 FIXME

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following Secondary
Licenses when the conditions for such availability set forth in the Eclipse
Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version, with the GNU Classpath Exception which is available
at https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.
